README.md, before:


# RK TRAVEL AGENCY
This is a travel agency website. users can book holiday by filling the contact form, once the contact form is filled, the agency will contact you.

![Landing page](assets/images/landing-page.png)

# Features
- user friendly
- Responsive website. 
The website was build for large and small devices such as laptop,tablet,mobile phone.

Existing Features

- Navigation Bar 
  - Featured on three pages : |Home| Destination | Contact us|
  - The pages is identical, It will make more easy for the users to navigate to the website.

![Navigation bar](assets/images/navigation-bar.png)

  - In this section the users can navigate the 3 pages, and they also able to go back to the previous page.

![website-descriptions](assets/images/website-descriptions.png)

  - The reason section

    - This is section give users the benefits of travelling with RK travel agency. in this section user will be able to read about the agency.

# Flights infos section
- This section the user will be able to see flight informations.

![flight-information](assets/images/flight-information.png)

- The Footer
    - The footer we added social media links to the footer. the links will open new atb when the user click to the social media links.
    - Users can contact us also from our social medias pages.

![footer](assets/images/footer.png)

# Destinations

Here are some beautiful images, city users can book holiday.

![destination](assets/images/destination.png)

# contact us

- In this page users can fill the contact form to book an appointment with the agency.

![contact-us](assets/images/contact-us.png)

# Testing

# Validator

# unfixed Bugs

# Deployment

# Credit 
I used code from codeinstitute [Love Running](https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html)

# content

- [Home,Destination] page was token from codeinsitute(https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html)

- [form textarea] the content was token from[https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml_textarea]

- the icons from my website were taken from [https://fontawesome.com/]

- images from my website were taken from # Images
[https://www.pexels.com/search/airplane/]

Commit message:

Add README.md table contents

README.md, after:


# RK TRAVEL AGENCY
RK Travel agency, We offer booking flight through online form. We have user-friendly form. To book your flight with us simply fill out the resquest form available on our website.

RK Travel agency, our goal is to make your travel experience as smooth and stress free as possible.

![Responsive image](assets/images/rk-travel.png)

[Click Here to view RK TRAVEL AGENCY](https://ramyapepone.github.io/RK-travel-agency/)
---
## Table of contents
### [User Experience (UX)](#user-experience-ux)
* [User Stories](#user-stories)

### [Features](#features)
* [Existing Features](#Existing-Features)
### [Design](#design)
### [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
### [Frameworks,Libraries and language used](#frameworkslibraries-and-language-used)
### [Testing](#testing-1)
* [Validation Results](#validation-results)
* [Manual Testing](#manuel-testing)
* [Lighthouse](#lighthouse-report)
### [Deployment and local development](#deployment-and-local-development)
* [GitHub Pages](#github-pages)
* [Forking the Github Respository](#forking-the-github-respository)
* [Local clone](#local-clone)
### [Credits](#credits)
### [Acknowledgement](#acknowledgement)
# Features
- user friendly
- Responsive website. 
The website was build for large and small devices such as laptop,tablet,mobile phone.

Existing Features

- Navigation Bar 
  - Featured on three pages : |Home| Destination | Contact us|
  - The pages is identical, It will make more easy for the users to navigate to the website.

![Navigation bar](assets/images/navigation-bar.png)

  - In this section the users can navigate the 3 pages, and they also able to go back to the previous page.

![website-descriptions](assets/images/website-descriptions.png)

  - The reason section

    - This is section give users the benefits of travelling with RK travel agency. in this section user will be able to read about the agency.

# Flights infos section
- This section the user will be able to see flight informations.

![flight-information](assets/images/flight-information.png)

- The Footer
    - The footer we added social media links to the footer. the links will open new atb when the user click to the social media links.
    - Users can contact us also from our social medias pages.

![footer](assets/images/footer.png)

# Destinations

Here are some beautiful images, city users can book holiday.

![destination](assets/images/destination.png)

# contact us

- In this page users can fill the contact form to book an appointment with the agency.

![contact-us](assets/images/contact-us.png)

# Testing

# Validator

# unfixed Bugs

# Deployment

# Credit 
I used code from codeinstitute [Love Running](https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html)

# content

- [Home,Destination] page was token from codeinsitute(https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html)

- [form textarea] the content was token from[https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml_textarea]

- the icons from my website were taken from [https://fontawesome.com/]

- images from my website were taken from # Images
[https://www.pexels.com/search/airplane/]
